(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(gentle music)
[Narrator] This is
the mysterious world
where Digimon live.
The Digital World.
Tai Kamiya and the
other Digi-destined,
along with their
partner Digimon,
continue their adventure
and find themselves
in a whole new world.
(missile firing)
The friends have become
separated from each other
on this mysterious
new continent.
(rocket exploding)
In the real world,
the rocket explosion
created confusion online,
and this confusion supplied
power to some vicious Digimon,
that then turned
that power on Tai.
(thudding sound)
(somber music)
(cloth rustling)
Then, to make
matters even worse,
Kari was carried off by the
mysterious SkullKnightmon.
(air whooshing)
Kari!
(Tai gasping)
(air whooshing)
Kari!
(footsteps pattering)
(Tai and Agumon panting)
Kari!
Kari, I'm coming!
(thudding sound)
(Tai grunting)
(footsteps thudding)
Hey, Tai.
Come on, Tai, get up!
Get on your feet, come on!
If you give up, who's
gonna save Kari?
(Tai grunting)
Hey, thanks, Agumon.
Any time, Tai.
(gentle music)
[Tai] Listen up, everyone.
Kari was just taken
away by SkullKnightmon.
Kari was what?
(footsteps pattering)
SkullKnightmon?
No way!
He's still alive?
[Sora] Tai, are
you guys all right?
Yeah, Agumon and I are fine.
But right now, I'm
going after Kari.
We understand.
Just be careful out there.
[Tai] I will, thanks.
In the meantime,
I'm gonna continue investigating
that rocket incident.
Oh, oh! Don't forget
about meeting up, Izzy.
[Izzy] That's right.
We all need to find each
other as soon as possible.
Joe, Mimi, that
goes for you too.
Roger!
Yeah.
(gentle music)
[Matt] Tai, I'm sure she's okay.
[T.K.] I'm going to fight too.
So Tai, please fight for Kari.
Thanks, I sure will.
Agumon, let's go.
Right!
(footsteps pattering)
(ominous music)
(missile firing)
(missile exploding)
(suspenseful music)
(Allomon growling)
(grinding sound)
(melodic music)
(footsteps pattering)
(Agumon panting)
(Agumon gasping)
What is it?
I think there's somebody nearby.
Why do you think that?
(Agumon screaming)
What is it?
(eerie music)
Tai.
(Woodmon growling)
(leaves rustling)
(footsteps thudding)
(Woodmon moaning)
Are you here to
destroy our forest?
No, of course not.
We would never do that.
We're just looking for my
little sister, that's all.
Little sister?
She's a human girl
and she was kidnapped by a
Digimon with black armor.
Have you seen her?
(Woodmon grunting)
I see.
(missile exploding)
(all gasping)
What's that sound?
Hunters.
Hunters?
What are they hunting?
We are those who only
wish to live in peace.
However, as you may
have already witnessed,
this is a world where the
strong feed on the weak.
(Tai gasping)
(suspenseful music)
(crunching sound)
To compete for survival,
they will pursue their prey
to the ends of the world.
Now, even to this forest.
(all gasping)
(suspenseful music)
(Tai gasping)
(missile exploding)
(suspenseful music)
They've cut off
our escape route!
We'll need to find
another way out.
(missile exploding)
(suspenseful music)
(Tai gasping)
(Allomon growling)
Allomon!
(suspenseful music)
It looks like they haven't
destroyed this path yet.
Quick, we can get out
this way. (panting)
(all panting)
(suspenseful music)
(fire crackling)
(Tai panting)
Hey, are you all right?
Let's get outta here. (panting)
(footsteps pattering)
(feet skidding)
We Woodmon will stand and fight.
At least long enough for
the others to get away.
(footsteps thudding)
(Allomon growling)
(Woodmon yelling)
(fire blazing)
(Woodmon screaming)
(Woodmon grunting)
(shattering sound)
(Allomon roaring)
(Tai gasping)
Well, Tai?
Yeah, let's do it!
(fantastical music)
Agumon digivolve to...
Greymon!
(fantastical music)
Nova Blast!
(Allomon growling)
Now's our chance.
This way!
(footsteps pattering)
(bright music)
(footsteps thudding)
[Izzy] Izzy here.
Can everyone hear me?
Come in.
[Tentomon] Can we have your
attention please, everyone?
[Matt] What's up?
[Izzy] It hasn't been
announced to the public yet,
but I've found several
small but significant bugs
within the space-related
control systems
in a few different countries.
(Matt gasping)
Yeah, but what does that mean?
Currently, there are more than
4,000 artificial satellites
orbiting the Earth.
It seems that with
a few of them,
there's been some
sort of orbital shift
caused by a malfunction
in their control system.
[Matt] So, are you saying these
satellites are gonna fall?
No, not on account of
this problem anyway.
It wouldn't make them
fall out of the sky.
Even if they did,
they'd just burn up in the
Earth's atmosphere first.
They'd have no effect
on the planet's surface.
[Sora] So then, there's
no problem, right?
[Izzy] Exactly.
And that's what worries me.
All the confusion online
caused by the rocket explosion
is starting to die down as well.
I have a feeling
this might only be
the calm before the storm.
I get it.
You just keep on
investigating it, okay, Izzy?
[Izzy] You got it, Matt!
(footsteps pattering)
Well, I guess it's
time we got going
and tried to meet
up with the others.
Oh, wow!
We got lotsa souvenirs!
We'll wrap this
mission up quickly,
then we'll start
turning these gemstones
into tons of
fabulous accessories!
Oh, I can hardly wait!
Joe, shouldn't we get a move on?
We should, you're right,
and I would love to,
but I'm a little woozy
from the heat. (gurgling)
[Gomamon] Joe.
(air whooshing)
Ready, Birdramon?
Okay.
(air whooshing)
(fire roaring)
(suspenseful music)
(missile exploding)
(bouncing sound)
(suspenseful music)
(Tankdramon rumbling)
Nova Blast!
(flame blasting)
(suspenseful music)
(footsteps thudding)
That's the boss, huh?
(suspenseful music)
(Greymon grunting)
(fire roaring)
Whoa, Greymon!
Incoming!
(suspenseful music)
(missile firing)
Megadramon!
(suspenseful music)
(Tai grunting)
(smashing sound)
(suspenseful music)
All right, Greymon.
(Greymon grunting)
(footsteps thudding)
(missile firing)
(missile exploding)
(air whooshing)
(missile firing)
(Greymon groaning)
(Tai groaning)
(fantastical music)
Greymon digivolve to...
MetalGreymon!
Giga Storm!
(Megadramon exploding)
(MetalGreymon roaring)
Let's fly.
(suspenseful music)
(bullets firing)
(Tankdramon grunting)
(rumbling sound)
(suspenseful music)
(Tai grunting)
(missile firing)
(suspenseful music)
(MetalGreymon grunting)
(Tai grunting)
Head that way!
(footsteps thudding)
(suspenseful music)
(missile exploding)
Okay, here's good.
(crashing sound)
(mini-nuke firing)
(mini-nuke exploding)
(Tai grunting)
(suspenseful music)
These strangers, they
are fighting for us.
(Tai grunting)
(footsteps thudding)
(suspenseful music)
(MetalGreymon roaring)
(Tai gasping)
(missile firing)
(footsteps thudding)
(MetalGreymon groaning)
(Tai groaning)
MetalGreymon!
(Woodmon gasping)
(somber music)
(Tai gasping)
(fire roaring)
(somber music)
(Woodmon growling)
I'm not gonna lose.
Not here, not now.
(MetalGreymon groaning)
I'll fight for Kari!
(somber music)
(Tai grunting)
(Woodmon grunting)
(somber music)
(machine whirring)
(Tai panting)
[Sora] Tai!
Huh?
(upbeat rock music)
Look out!
Get back!
Go run for cover!
(Woodmon grunting)
Wing Blade!
(Tankdramon exploding)
(singing in Japanese)
[Sora] Tai!
I'm here, Sora.
[Sora] Didn't I
say I owed you one?
Thanks!
The fire's out for now.
Make a run for it while you can.
(roar)
Huh?
(Tankdramon roaring)
(Tai grunting)
This one sure is
tough, all right.
(singing in Japanese)
(missiles firing)
Sora, hang on tight.
(Sora grunting)
(missiles firing)
(Garudamon yelling)
(missiles exploding)
Go for it, Tai!
You got this!
(singing in Japanese)
(MetalGreymon grunting)
(Tai grunting)
(spike firing)
(metal clinking)
(spikes firing)
(metals clinking)
Huh?
(bouncing sound)
(Woodmon grunting)
(metals clinking)
(Tai chuckling)
(MetalGreymon groaning)
(singing in Japanese)
MetalGreymon, fire missiles.
Aim for the main cannon.
Giga Blaster!
(missiles firing)
(missiles exploding)
(Tankdramon roaring)
(missile firing)
(electricity buzzing)
(singing in Japanese)
We did it!
(Sora gasping)
Huh?
Go!
(footsteps thudding)
(Woodmon grunting)
We won!
Victory!
(Tai chuckling)
(ominous music)
Huh?
(somber music)
Look Tai.
Yeah.
It's not over yet.
(somber music)
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia!
SkullKnightmon, a mysterious
Digimon encased in black armor,
SkullKnightmon
corners an opponent
by wielding spears
in both hands.
Now, let's check this out.
There's not a lot of data to
work with, so I asked around,
and Tentomon told me he thinks
SkullKnightmon's probably
very competitive,
but also surprisingly sensitive.
I wonder if that's true.
(electronic music)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] As Tai
and Agumon face off
against a swarm of
dangerous enemies,
their courage and heart
awaken a great power.
[Tai] Next time, "The
Mega Digimon, WarGreymon."
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.